ERC-7540: Asynchronous ERC-4626 Tokenized Vaults (#10)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7540.md

- Request: a function call that initiates an asynchronous deposit/redemption flow
- Pending: the state where a Request has been made but is not yet Claimable
- Claimable: the state where a Request is processed by the Vault enabling the user to claim corresponding `shares` (for async deposit) or `assets` (for async redeem)
- Claimed: the state where a Request is finalized by the user and the user receives the output token (e.g. `shares` for a deposit Request)
- Claim function: the corresponding Vault method to bring a Request to Claimed state (e.g. `deposit` or `mint` claims `shares` from `requestDeposit`). Lower case claim always describes the verb action of calling a Claim function.
- operator: the account specified by the sender of the Request which has the right to claim a given Request once it is Claimable
- asynchronous deposit Vault: a Vault that implements asynchronous Requests for deposit flows
- asynchronous redemption Vault: a Vault that implements asynchronous redemption flows
- fully asynchronous Vault: a Vault that implements asynchronous Requests for both deposit and redemption

### Request Flows

> EIP-X Vaults MUST implement one or both of asynchronous deposit and redemption Request flows. If either flow is not implemented in a Request pattern, it MUST use the ERC-4626 standard synchronous interaction pattern. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ERC-7540 Vaults MUST implement one or both of asynchronous deposit and redemption Request flows. If either flow is not implemented in a Request pattern, it MUST use the ERC-4626 standard synchronous interaction pattern. 
```

Reviewer: @SamWilsn should eipw fail on this?

> ERC-7540 Vaults MUST implement one or both of asynchronous deposit and redemption Request flows. If either flow is not implemented in a Request pattern, it MUST use the ERC-4626 standard synchronous interaction pattern. 

Author: ```suggestion
[ERC-7540](./erc-7540.md) Vaults MUST implement one or both of asynchronous deposit and redemption Request flows. If either flow is not implemented in a Request pattern, it MUST use the ERC-4626 standard synchronous interaction pattern. 
```

> All EIP-X asynchronous tokenized Vaults MUST implement ERC-4626 with overrides for certain behavior described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All ERC-7540 asynchronous tokenized Vaults MUST implement ERC-4626 with overrides for certain behavior described below.
```
